There are more number of Authentications are there.

Password authentication, Two factor Authentication, multifactor authentication, Token based authentication, Biometric authentication etc.,

In our project we used Three types of Authentication exist

        1. Login/Pass authentication (form submission)
        2. ANsid query param authentication (<url>?ANSid=...)
        3. Token authentication (in http header "Api-Token")

1. Login/Pass authentication (form submission)
	Login user with a login and password, and setup session and it will checks for status code 200, If it is not equals to 200 it returns login error, 
	Then it's status code is 200 and then it checks if the code is not equal to 1 or the sid is none then also it gives the error like login failed. After that it passed and it stores the value of name, client, email, etc,. 
	If the login success then only it gives the output as login success with user details this is one of the login type we are using in our project

2. ANsid query param authentication (<url>?ANSid=...)
	By passind ANsid and clientid in param or session cookies in the Header in postman we can successfully return our output. we written auth_required() as a method name in this methods it accepts two types of authentication like session or Token. 
	In this first we are checking if session id present or not. Here it first goes into the auth_checks() method here we assigned a variable as info for check_session_from_omni() 
	Inside this method we are assined a variable for authInfo class inside the class we are havinng some variables. They are success, error, authtype, relogin, redirect, redirect_args(dict). Here success and relogin are bool apart from that all are string. now is the variable we used for calculating time for session time is expired or not. we assigned a variable expires is equals to 0 to check it expired or not. 
	If the ANsid is not in session it goes into invalidate_session method() it gives all the values of ANsid, expires , admin, name, email, personid, all are none and it returns No session found.
	Then it check if the time in greater than 0 again it goes inside invalidate_session() and gives the output as session expired.
	Else then if the success is true in the AuthInfo class then only it will return the info of all the user data
	Then sesh variable checks the success variable if the auth_type is not allowed then it returns success as false and gives error as auth type not allowed
it will gives the logger as error.
	if the relogin is TRUE, it gives the user details in dict format with status code 400 

3. Token authentication (in http header "Api-Token")
	It is also same like previous one but it checks for the Api Token. By passing Api Token in the Header in postman we can successfully return our output. we written auth_required() as a method name in this methods it accepts two types of authentication like session or Token. 
	In this first we are checking if the Token. Here it first goes into the auth_checks() method here we assigned a variable as info for check_api_token()
	Here it the AuthInfo class is assigned with a info variable and it checks the auth secret id configured or not and it request the api token in the header
	After that if the api token is configured and it has the token importing pylect_infra then requesting for the api token in the header
	if the Token we return is equals to the configured secret token it gives the output as success is True or else it gives invalid secret api token 
	if it gives success is True then it goes to authchecks it will return info to the sesh variable in the auth required
	Then if the success is true in the AuthInfo class then only it will return the info of all the user data
	Then sesh variable checks the success variable if the auth_type is not allowed then it returns success as false and gives error as auth type not allowed
it will gives the logger as error.
	if the relogin is TRUE, it gives the user details in dict format with status code 400  
	
